hi there I'm Taylor Swift and welcome to
my pop princesses over the next couple
of hours I'll be taking you through some
of the greatest most beautiful talented
women of the past few years from Miley
to Britney to Shakira to Kylie there's
some awesome pop royalty here worthy of
the pop princess crown so sit back relax
let me take you through some of the best
women to grace our hearts and souls with
their beautiful voices and amazing
melodies I absolutely love this next
artist she's incredible she's down to
earth sweet and I recently got to meet
her at the Grammys this is a song that I
particularly loved off of her album this
is Duffy with rain on your parade up
next on our countdown is a girl from my
neck of the woods over in Nashville
Tennessee I've got a neighbor and her
name is leann rimes and she has a song
that completely blew up a couple years
back it's called how do I live and she's
next on our countdown next up in my
countdown is someone who never fails to
wear the pop princess crown with pride
hope you enjoy it it's time for us to go
for a break now but don't go anywhere in
a few minutes I'll be here again
introducing some of the greatest pop
princesses in the world so keep it here
up next is a pop princess who wears bows
made of hair and like leotards when it's
20 degrees or negative 20 degrees and
she doesn't care which is why she's
awesome and which is why we love lady
gaga up next on her pop princesses list
is someone who I personally added
because she joins me in the huge hair
club this is Shakira with hips don't lie
an incredible song from a really really
sweet and talented girl I love this song
this was one of my favorite songs of the
year when it came out tattoo by jordin
sparks all right story time we are
backstage at the Grammys and our next
pop princess came into my dressing room
and asked for a lock of my hair so that
she could walk down the red carpet with
a lock of my hair in her purse now
you might wonder why the reason is
because she's Katy Perry and she does
things like that this is one of my
favorite people on the planet Katy Perry
with hot and cold our next pop princess
is the reason why I wanted to do country
music in the first place I absolutely
loved her first she conquered America
then she took over the rest of the world
and she will always be my ultimate pop
princess her name is Shania Twain this
is you're still the wine next up is
another little commercial so take this
time to reflect for a second relax and
welcome you back here in a few minutes
for some more great melodic magicians in
the form of pop princesses welcome back
the next pop princess on our list is not
afraid to break boundaries in any sense
of the word she started out in an
amazing band and then she became a solo
artist she ain't no hollaback girl Gwen
Stefani the sweet escape our next pop
princess is absolutely beautiful and she
seems like such an incredible person all
over the world Kylie Minogue I believe
in you now this is a five-piece girl
group that is amazing and incredibly
beautiful this is girls allowed I'll
stand by you another short break for a
commercial now and I hope you're
enjoying the countdown and if your
favorite hasn't shown up yet don't worry
we've still got lots where that came
from and only a few minutes to see
what's next and my pop princesses
countdown see you in a little bit
welcome back I'm Taylor Swift and you're
watching my pop princesses this next
song is so awesome and this next artist
is amazing and getting to see her
perform this live a couple weeks ago was
so so much fun it's the song about you
know when there's that guy and you just
hate him and you're like why are you so
ridiculous and I hate you but then you
know you call him back because your life
would suck without him this is kelly
clarkson my life would suck without you
this next pop princess is someone that I
actually hang out was on a regular basis
so you know I think that it's awesome
that we're announcing this next song
because I have no idea who it's about
and you know I don't know I I don't know
who this next song is about so don't ask
me because I don't know this is Miley
Cyrus with seven things up next is one
of the ultimate divas
of diva isn't miss this is christina
aguilera incredible incredibly talented
and she always will be the voice within
hi there I'm Taylor Swift and you're
watching my pop princesses countdown and
we're going to another quick break now
so amuse yourselves for a few minutes
but don't don't go far away we've still
got plenty more princesses for you and
I'll see you in a little bit I love this
next song by our next pop princess she
was dark eyeliner she's edgy she's cool
and this is Avril Lavigne this is
absolutely one of my favorite videos
ever by this next artist and its way
from back in the day when we first got
to know Britney Spears when she was just
a teenager and I have loved her ever
since this is britney spears with lucky
up next is our pop princess who is not
afraid to speak her mind she writes all
of her own songs and that's why i love
her this is Lily Allen with the fear
being that I'm really obsessed with
princesses and fairy tales and things
that aren't real they decided to give me
a spot on the list and I'm really
excited about it so thanks guys second
of all this video is definitely
princessy which is a word that I just
invented like right now and I hope you
guys like it thanks for everything this
is my new single love story next on our
countdown is someone who I absolutely
adore every time you see this girl in
public every time you see her anywhere
she's always happy she's always being so
sweet to people and she's always been my
ultimate pop princess her name is
Rihanna and this song is called take a
bow next up is another pop princess but
you'll have to wait a few minutes to see
who it is sorry and in the meantime it's
time for the hard sell the commercials
let's see what they're offering I'll be
back in a little bit and I'll see you
then welcome back to pop princesses this
is uh another artist that I really
really like because she's really really
nice and she's really pretty and she's
really amazing and when she sings alive
she sounds just like the record so when
you're seeing this next video just close
your eyes and pretend that you're
listening to her in concert because she
sounds basically the same why because
she's that
Leona Lewis better in time up next is
one of my favorites this is nelly
furtado was say it right the next video
and the next pop princess that had the
entire world saying to the left to the
left everything you own in a box still
left for like you couldn't get out of
your head and you would try to but you
couldn't because it was a great song and
for the rest of the day you're not gonna
be able to get it out of your head
thanks to us here on pop princesses
you're welcome Beyonce irreplaceable
thanks for joining me Taylor Swift and
my tale of the beautiful pop princesses
who are amazing and incredible and I
hope your favorite was in there and I
hope you enjoyed the time with me I'll
see you very soon until then take care
bye
you